README.md, before:

# The environment

## Folder structure

- `src` contains all sources
    - `src/main` contains deployed sources
        - `src/main/java` contains Java code
        - `src/main/resources` contains resources to be accessed by the Java code.
        - `src/main/scss` contains SCSS files to be compiled to CSS files.
        - `src/main/webapp` contains the web app code (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)
    - `src/test` contains test sources
        - `src/test/java` contains Java test code
        - `src/test/resources` contains resources to test with
- `target` contains compiled stuff, don't edit yourself here as Maven will overwrite files constantly here
- `.run` contains run configurations, one being the Tomcat server setup ('Tommy')
- `.idea` is likely generated by IntellIJ, ignore this

## SCSS

SCSS files located in `src/main/scss` are compiled by the `libsass:compile` task. Navigate to this task in IntellIJs
Maven panel (right sidebar > Maven > loss-prevention > Plugins > libsass > libsass:compile). Right click and select "Run
Before Build", this ensures it will automatically compile SCSS files when you (re)deploy the server.

You can treat any `.scss` file in `src/main/scss` as a `.css` file in `src/main/webapp/css`. For example, take the file
structure:

```
src
    main
        scss
            main.scss
        webapp
            index.html
```

`index.html` could import the `main.scss` as CSS via

```html
<head>
    <!-- ...other head stuff... -->
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/main.css">
</head>
```

For Eclipse, not sure how this works, but in any case make sure the `libsass:compile` task runs right before compiling
the WAR file.


## Trello Board
The trello board can be accessed via the following link:

`https://trello.com/b/o0QQeesf/2021-m4-nedap-team-1`

##

Commit message:

Added the deployment site for the project in the readme.md

README.md, after:

# The environment

## Folder structure

- `src` contains all sources
    - `src/main` contains deployed sources
        - `src/main/java` contains Java code
        - `src/main/resources` contains resources to be accessed by the Java code.
        - `src/main/scss` contains SCSS files to be compiled to CSS files.
        - `src/main/webapp` contains the web app code (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)
    - `src/test` contains test sources
        - `src/test/java` contains Java test code
        - `src/test/resources` contains resources to test with
- `target` contains compiled stuff, don't edit yourself here as Maven will overwrite files constantly here
- `.run` contains run configurations, one being the Tomcat server setup ('Tommy')
- `.idea` is likely generated by IntellIJ, ignore this

## SCSS

SCSS files located in `src/main/scss` are compiled by the `libsass:compile` task. Navigate to this task in IntellIJs
Maven panel (right sidebar > Maven > loss-prevention > Plugins > libsass > libsass:compile). Right click and select "Run
Before Build", this ensures it will automatically compile SCSS files when you (re)deploy the server.

You can treat any `.scss` file in `src/main/scss` as a `.css` file in `src/main/webapp/css`. For example, take the file
structure:

```
src
    main
        scss
            main.scss
        webapp
            index.html
```

`index.html` could import the `main.scss` as CSS via

```html
<head>
    <!-- ...other head stuff... -->
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/main.css">
</head>
```

For Eclipse, not sure how this works, but in any case make sure the `libsass:compile` task runs right before compiling
the WAR file.


## Trello Board
The trello board can be accessed via the following link:

`https://trello.com/b/o0QQeesf/2021-m4-nedap-team-1`

## Deployment Site
The online deployed version of our application can be found via the following link

`http://nedap-6.paas.hosted-by-previder.com/loss-prevention/`
